alright so for those of you who do have
tarnished cover plates again old cover
plates before they started using the
chrome over a thicker gauge metal corner
cover plates are notorious for rusting
I have here an old homeroom special 20
so let's go ahead and I'll demonstrate
let me quickly I like to remove the
cover plates from the harmonica and just
keep it separate okay alright boy here's
another one it needs a bath but that's
for another day this product right over
here is called semi chrome polish and of
course I'll have that on the list of
recommended products I found the blue
towel to work just fabulous so I put it
I put a little bit on my finger and
again you're a harp techs are you're
gonna get a little little dirty so on so
you give it a good rubbing
let me try to show you a before and
after huh here's a close-up view the
special 20 cover plate from the draw
sign so I thought it'd be kind of fun
that I'll do the top cover plate so that
would be the blow cover plate and
compare it to the draw so this gave me
time to let the pace the semi chrome
paste dry a little bit yeah
that's enough and so now you take your
cloth and just begin polishing it and
you can see the residue that's building
up the oxidation the metal essentially
what you're doing is it's fine abrasive
so you're taking this top layer off okay
I'm just going in a circular motion back
and forth
you can't think in terms if you're doing
a light sanding yeah especially the
front over here again that's where the
your mouth and I found this paste the
semi chrome works pretty well for taking
off some light look at that some light
rust even and what's interesting is you
feed that the cover plate is actually
getting warmer and warmer and again as
this depression is the abrasive in the
semi chrome or it could be the lights in
this studio okay so now now that I
worked it in fairly well I'm going to
take the clean part of the towel here
and polish
Wow this thing is looking absolutely
absolutely perfect in fact I think I'll
put this one back in the inventory so if
you order a harp Smith harmonica you may
get this plate all right let's uh let's
put this up against on this one over
here so you can see the before and after
how's that look big difference huh
that concludes our cleaning segment at
blues harmonica calm